many kids and welcome to a new
half more today we are here in a
tutorial what you are going but many of how
open the ports of play 4 and up and 3
and good how to basically do not at
movistar router without the portal
moving away directly with the address
ip that is usually always 122,200 the
done 1.1 and as you can see here it highlights
that this web page is not available
not because insufficient that puts error of
ssl file version permach same not worth
then I will explain what happens
not for you to have to access by a
site that we report Alejandra as in
this case that you have to do here
you have very limited options not in
the configuration that you can not open the
mz ports worth to access
as you can see here you jump this error of
What happens is that the router
router firmware has a version of
ssl pretty old no thing that was very
vulnerable in some web pages and
browsers like google chrome and mozilla
firefox
they have blocked us have withdrawn if
ssl 3.0 services so I do not know
can do or is backpacking or from
google chrome we have to go to the internet
explorer is worth trying these
problems and you also put us
the error will skip but there is a solution
ok can not be shown by the ssl
vouchers to critics can be displayed
it's worth the solution is that we have to
go to the tools that is here
up is ok we give options to
Internet
now here we would go to advanced options
we will go down all the way
and enable the ssl 3.0 will be of
selected and you mark it you give to
apply and accept once this is done
we put the ip address again and do not
skips this error does not exists
This website's security tells you that
It can be unsafe because it's a
old certificate and so we are here
go this the website not recommended no
nothing will happen since it is a place
vulnerable because it's a security
but of course vulnerable are local to
there is no risk to the team
to these action is worth a router
Once done, we are already here although you have
to put the router password that
by default be 1234 but to jose you have
modified from the portal alejandra
then you have to change me instead
he has not modified it then I'm going to
put
and the is then start up inside
of the telephone rite then already
set up
the model here the router that comes out a
model while you are
this is the old man I do not know if you can
update I think that's not why you have to
do this to be able to do the router to
through the ip address the
basic configuration that you can
find the ports if you want to know
others but I 'm going to this and what
you know
language in Spanish the conformation of the
port and other modify what you want
open the plateau ports of the
playstation vale
now let's go to playstation 4 that
I have here ready to put you for
assign an ip address
fixed so we can open all the
ports with the ports of plateau is worth
we're going to adjustments in our 43 we're going to
network settings we are going to configure
Internet connection
I in case I have it connected by cable
but by wifi
it's the same then we're going to connect
By cable we give customized
we come to the manual and here I for example
I have the same movistar dns because
you can put that you want the ip system
that you want a fixed I have put to the 4
clueless and they are 4 the subnet mask is
it has to be stable because if not the
router but of normal it will be this one so
put is the default gateway is
that is the address of the router and the
primary dns of the secondary that these
are from movistar, then you owe to the
next this automatic do not use the
next and we would give you to try
connections to him we can of the going towards
back which we have already put the
the ip that we wanted to give in the fixed ep
therefore now we can return
here to the computer and we would give
advanced configuration now remove to
a warning sign that this is a
more advanced confirmation and more
then we are going to apply and we
will load this web what now here we will have
what to go
network setting
more
Now we wait for him to charge a little
and here we give mz voucher for these are
the plateau ports and now here the
will put or guano voice or image or not and
you have to essential internet and put the
ip that you exposed to playstation 3 or
to playstation 4 what I've done to
have it as I have the two consoles what
what I have done has been to put the same ip to
the playstation 4 of the pri station 3
There is a pro that is that I will not have to
change this every time you started the
console or the other to have the ports
open that is what
well always have them open and there is a
against what is that if I have the movie
turned on I can not have the track it
teaches connected to the internet therefore
is where you can hoist one of the two to the
time that is what is good as it does not
I think you 're playing the same thing
the time but this has been all when
you just put the ip address you should
apply loading
and a failure to restart the router with
to restart the console you will have the
Open goal for you to see the test
I'm going to go to the official channel farc so that
you see
I hope you have not configured me
now what
but fuck now that I have put it I hope
that I have not configured the one that
will apply if you do not have to restart
the movie 4 and will return
restart the application in a
territory but nothing would happen yes
that we go to the X and we would enter
newton
then with the plateau ports more
false that there will be more ports of the
playstation 3 playstation 4
let's put like
this I always have to have a
work as a military director a little
of the movie 4
and as you can see we have open
I hope we are the one in the video I hope
that it has resolved all
doubts that you had and other
I used to not subscribe for games and so on
of example
guys but they have served any
doubt in the comments
until next time